---
title: React Native SDK Changelog
description: Changelog for the React Native Embrace SDK
weight: "3"

---
# React Native SDK Changelog

## 3.10.0

_August 29, 2022_

* Added Axios interceptor to force log network calls
* Now Embrace will track errors in DEV mode
* Upgraded to latest Android SDK version
* Upgraded to latest iOS SDK version

## 3.9.21

_August 29, 2022_

* Fixed setup script.
* Upgraded to latest Android SDK version
* Upgraded to latest iOS SDK version
## 3.9.2

_June 9, 2022_

* Added `getDeviceId` to get the Embrace ID
## 3.9.1

_April 8, 2022_

* Added a new API call to log network calls manually

## 3.8.4

_February 8, 2022_

* Fixed issue where you needed to specify a moment identifier when starting a moment with properties
* Fixed issue where stack traces were not captured for error logs on Android
* Upgraded to latest Android SDK version

## 3.8.3

_January 20, 2022_

* Removed dependency on JCenter for Android
* Upgraded to latest Android SDK version

## 3.8.1

_September 9, 2021_

* Added prefix to logs generated by unhandled promise exceptions
* Set minimum iOS version to 9.0

## 3.8.0

_June 17, 2021_

* Updated Android native Embrace SDK dependency to 4.8.10

## 3.7.1

_April 23, 2021_

* Updated Android native Embrace SDK dependency to 4.8.2

{{< hint warning >}}

Please follow the [instructions in the Embrace Android SDK changelog]({{< relref "../android/changelog.md#482" >}}) to fetch the SDK from Maven Central instead of JCenter.


{{< /hint >}}

## 3.6.4

_February 12, 2021_

* Make SDK compatible with Xcode 12.

## 3.6.3

_December 17, 2020_

* Update function signatures to use typed object instead of Map for properties. 

## 3.6.2

_October 2, 2020_

* Fix warning raised when checking for CodePush integration.

## 3.6.1

_August 13, 2020_

* Upgrades default Embrace Android SDK to 4.5.1
* Fixes type mismatch issue when calling `logMessage` method for warning logs on Android

{{< hint warning >}}

To use this version on Android, you will need to make sure the `io.embrace:embrace-swazzler`
dependency is set to at least 4.5.1 in your `build.gradle` file.

{{< /hint >}}

## 3.5.0

_August 3, 2020_

* Allow passing properties into the `logHandledError` method.
* Fix issue with Gradle file and specifying Java 8.

## 3.4.0

_May 20, 2020_

* Exposes setJavaScriptBundlePath function to set the path to the downloaded JS bundle from JS code
* Added methods to get parity with the native SDKs
  * setUserAsPayer
  * clearUserAsPayer
  * endSession
  * endAppStartup (with properties)
  * endMoment (with properties)

## 3.3.0

_April 9, 2020_

* Adds setup script to help users integrate more easily on new projects
* After installing the SDK, run node node_modules/react-native-embrace/dist/scripts/setup/run.js to run the setup script

## 3.2.0

_April 7, 2020_

* Adds support for logging handled exceptions
  **Note: to utilize this, users will need to update their native dependencies. On iOS please update to at least v4.1.8 and on Android, please update to v4.2.2**

## 3.1.0

_March 30, 2020_

* Add support for session properties
* Add `clearAllUserPersonas` method to match native SDKs

## 3.0.1

_March 13, 2020_

* Reduces bloat by removing unnecessary dependencies

## 3.0.0

_March 6, 2020_

* Added support for custom views; users can define the start of a view by calling `startView('myView')` and end it by calling `endView('myView')`
  **Note: to utilize this, users will need to update their native dependencies. On iOS please update to v4.1.6 and on Android, please update to v4.1.0**

## 2.1.1

_February 28, 2020_

* Fixed a small bug with the `startMoment` function when used in conjunction with properties

## 2.1.0

_February 12, 2020_

* Added support for Auto Link

## 2.0.1

_December 24, 2019_

* Added a fix for CodePush integration on Android. This was addressed in the native Android SDK 4.0.0-beta7 and Swazzler 4.0.0-beta7. Please update your native SDK on Android

## 2.0.0

_December 18, 2019_

* Added support for JS crashes
